ticdc: fix date-separator config of storage sink (#14511) (#14812)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

# The following three configuration items are only used when you replicate data to storage sinks and can be ignored when replicating data to MQ or MySQL sinks.
# Row terminator, used for separating two data change events. The default value is an empty string, which means "\r\n" is used.
# terminator = ''

> # Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `day` is the default value and means separating files by day. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `day` is the default value and means separating files by day. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.3/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>.
```
